### Matrix Application Correctness
a) if the vector v size is bigger than m, then this algorithm won't consider
vector values which are after a position v[m], values after v[m] will be ignored
like if vector size was m. The result of the multiplication will be uncorrected.
Ideally some condition required to prevent bad logic.  

b) During the initialization i doesn't get changed, constant value statys during 
the loop execution, r has the state = 0, there is no effects applied for this 
variable before the loop execution, only the init value 0.  
During the maintenance the value j gets iterated from 1 to m, during the
circle execution r gets a new value with a sum of r previous v[j] plus A[i,j],
since r has no additional effects and i is constant for this circle, we get
a right calculation of the r. Once r is calculated it gets added to the new
vector w. Vector w also has no side effects besides just adding a new valid 
value according to a right order. r gets saved to be reused as prev value for 
the next loop circle execution. By induction, we can state that it's true 
for each loop circle. The vector w will be valid as a result a matrix to vector
product result. The loop gets terminated once it got to m.  

c) 
##### Initialization:  
At the start of the loop execution (line 3), array w is empty, the vector v size
is m. There is no additional effects, the loop invariant holds  

##### Maintenance:
The value j goes from 1 to n, i can have only valid, since there is no effects
applied, only the iteration by 1, each new i = prev i + 1. By induction, we can 
state that the loop execution is valid. The loop invariant holds.

##### Termination:
At termination when i = n, there is no additional effects applied to the i, so once
 i == n the loop no additional work and can return the product result as the vector w.
There is no additional effects for w just only a return of the result. The new 
vector w gets returned according to a vector to a matrix specification. 
The loop invariant holds.  

### A parametric recurrence
Overall definition => T(n) = aT(b/n) + Θ(n<sup>d</sup>log<sup>p</sup>n) 

a) 
1) Get values,  init values are a = k = 5, b = 4, f(n) = n  
since a > 0 , b > 0 we can apply the Master method  
2) find n<sup>log<sub>b</sub><sup>a</sup></sup> = n<sup>log<sub>4</sub><sup>5</sup></sup> = n<sup>1.61</sup>
3) lets compare n<sup>1.61</sup> to n, since f(n) is polynomially smaller than n<sup>log<sub>4</sub><sup>5</sup></sup> 
then case 1 of the master theorem implies that T(n) = Θ(n<sup>1.61</sup>)  

b)  
To find such k where T(n) = Θ(n), Let's try to guess such value k which would statisfy
required solution. 
1) Let's take k = 4. So values are a = k = 4, b = 4, f(n) = n 
2) find n<sup>log<sub>b</sub><sup>a</sup></sup> = n<sup>log<sub>4</sub><sup>4</sup></sup> = n 
3) since f(n) is asymptotically the same as n<sup>log<sub>4</sub><sup>4</sup></sup> 
then case 2 of the master theorem implies that T(n) = Θ(n) for k = 4, logarithm parts gets removed
because p = 0, so log<sup>p</sup> = 1  

### Trickling Array
a)  
when first i = 1  
<1, 1, 0>  

when first i = 3  
<0, 1, 1>  

when first i = 2  
<1, 0, 0>  
<0, 1, 0>  
<0, 0, 1>  

b)  
Because at some moment A[i] won't be equal to 1, so the while loop will be
terminated. Once the while loop is terminated, there is no any additional
effects besides
A[i] = 1 on the line 5, after the line 5, the algorithm can finish his job
without infinite looping. A[i] = 0 on the line 3 adds zeros, to increase
termination chance even if the input array contains only units.

c)


